Q: Who said "My heart is in the work"?  
A: Andrew Carnegie  

Q: When was CMU founded?  
A: 1900  

Q: What was the first school to award a degree in drama?  
A: CMU  

Q: When did the first school award a degree in drama?  
A: 1914  

Q: Who invented Java programming language?  
A: James Gosling  

Q: Who created the first smile :-) in an email?  
A: Scott Fahlman  

Q: When was the first smile :-) in an email created?  
A: 1982  

Q: Who invented Kevlar Fiber?  
A: Stephanie Kwolek  

Q: Who wrote The Last Lecture?  
A: Randy Pausch; Jeffrey Zaslow  

Q: Who was awarded CMU's first Ph.D.?  
A: Mao Yisheng  

Q: Who was the father of Chinese bridge construction?  
A: Mao Yisheng  

Q: When was CMU's first Ph.D. awarded?  
A: 1919  

Q: Who invented Duolingo?  
A: Luis von Ahn  

Q: Which school founded the first university robotics department?  
A: CMU  

Q: When was the first university robotics department founded?  
A: 1979  

Q: Does CMU have a location in Africa?  
A: Yes  

Q: Does CMU have a location in Qatar?  
A: Yes  

Q: Does CMU have a location in China?  
A: No  

Q: Does CMU have a location on Mars?  
A: No  

Q: Which alumnus from CMU was an iconic figure in the pop art movement?  
A: Andy Warhol  

Q: Who started the first Girl Scout badge for negotiation?  
A: Linda Babcock  

Q: Who is teaming up with the City of Pittsburgh to improve road safety and eliminate traffic fatalities using AI?  
A: Ding Zhao  

Q: Who was named "the father of computer science"?  
A: Alan Mathison Turing  

Q: How many Turing Award recipients has Carnegie Mellon been home to?  
A: 13  

Q: How many Nobel Laureates has Carnegie Mellon been home to?  
A: 21  

Q: When did Andrew Carnegie emigrate from Scotland and settle in Pittsburgh?  
A: 1848  

Q: Where did Andrew Carnegie emigrate from?  
A: Scotland  

Q: When was Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute?  
A: 1967  

Q: When did Andrew Carnegie donate $1 million for the creation of a technical institute for the city of Pittsburgh?  
A: 1900  

Q: Which city has the most trees per square mile among U.S. cities?  
A: Pittsburgh  

Q: Which building in Pittsburgh is one of the world’s largest concentrations of certified "green" buildings?  
A: The Phipps Conservatory  

Q: What was the most painted object in the world in CMU?  
A: The Fence  

Q: When was the tradition of buggies race started?  
A: 1920  

Q: What's the usual max speed of buggies?  
A: 35 mph  

Q: Which major's students sign the walls and ceiling before graduating?  
A: Drama  

Q: Does CMU provide preschool and kindergarten education?  
A: Yes  

Q: How long is CMU's Summer Pre-College Program?  
A: 6 weeks  

Q: Which institute in CMU encourages adults in the Pittsburgh area to learn?  
A: Osher Lifelong Learning Institute (OLLI)  

Q: Which CMU alumnus was given a Tony nomination in 1973?  
A: Stephen Schwartz  

Q: When was Stephen Schwartz given the first Tony nomination?  
A: 1973  

Q: When was the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center (RMCIC) opened?  
A: 2005  

Q: Which alumnus of CMU developed CAPTCHAs?  
A: Luis von Ahn  

Q: Who produced the first computer-generated master schedule in the history of U.S. Major League Baseball?  
A: Michael Trick  

Q: When was the first computer-generated master schedule in the history of U.S. Major League Baseball produced?  
A: 2005  

Q: Which school built the first green dormitory in the U.S. in 2003?  
A: Carnegie Mellon  

Q: When was the first green dormitory in the U.S. built?  
A: 2003  

Q: Which building in CMU has a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) silver designation from the U.S. Green Building Council?  
A: Stever House  

Q: What is a revolutionary way to teach computer programming by creating 3D animations, stories, and video games developed by Randy Pausch?  
A: Alice  

Q: Who developed Alice?  
A: Randy Pausch  

Q: Which university was the first with a completely wired campus?  
A: CMU  

Q: Which professor in CMU developed a computer algorithm that accelerates the matching of living donors?  
A: Tuomas Sandholm  

Q: Who in CMU developed tutoring systems that are helping 500,000 students in 2,600 U.S. schools improve their math skills?  
A: Ken Koedinger  

Q: Who in CMU pioneered a process he dubbed Atom Transfer Radical Polymerization (ATRP)?  
A: Krzysztof Matyjaszewski  

Q: Who in CMU wrote *A History of the Federal Reserve*?  
A: Allan Meltzer  

Q: Who in CMU co-founded the influential Shadow Open Market Committee?  
A: Allan Meltzer  

Q: Which institute in CMU gave the U.S. its first Master of Technology degree?  
A: ETC  

Q: Who in CMU created the logos of Starbucks Coffee, Panera Bread, and JanSport?  
A: Terry Heckler  

Q: Which university created the "bugs," robots that can walk on water?  
A: CMU  

Q: Which Carnegie Mellon alumnus sparked the idea to use a # symbol for grouping subjects on Twitter?  
A: Chris Messina  

Q: Which professor founded YinzCam Inc.?  
A: Priya Narasimhan  

Q: Where to see the Pittsburgh Steelers?  
A: Acrisure Stadium  

Q: Where to see the Pittsburgh Pirates?  
A: PNC Park  

Q: Who awarded Pittsburgh "Best Sports City"?  
A: Sporting News magazine  

Q: What was the first team in NFL history to win six Super Bowl titles?  
A: Steelers  

Q: What is Acrisure Stadium known for?  
A: Terrible Towels waving, skyline views, "Renegade" being played in the fourth quarter  

Q: What is the capacity of Acrisure Stadium?  
A: 68,400  

Q: When was Acrisure Stadium opened?  
A: 2001  

Q: What is PNC Park known for?  
A: Skyline views, fireworks nights, Pittsburgh Pierogi Race  

Q: What is the capacity of PNC Park?  
A: 38,362  

Q: When was PNC Park opened?  
A: 2001  

Q: Where to see the Pittsburgh Penguins?  
A: PPG Paints Arena  

Q: What is the capacity of PPG Paints Arena?  
A: 18,387  

Q: When was PPG Paints Arena opened?  
A: 2010  

Q: What other events does PPG Paints Arena host?  
A: NCAA ice hockey, basketball tournaments  

Q: What is PPG Paints Arena known for?  
A: Antics of Iceburgh, RC Cola, concerts, WWE live events, Monster Jam  

Q: What is the mascot of the Penguins?  
A: Iceburgh  

Q: Where to see the Pittsburgh Riverhounds?  
A: Highmark Stadium  

Q: What is the capacity of Highmark Stadium?  
A: 5,000  

Q: When was Highmark Stadium opened?  
A: 2012  

Q: What events does Highmark Stadium hold?  
A: Blues & Heritage Festival, WPIAL soccer championships

Q: When was the terrible towel created?  
A: 1975  

Q: Who created the terrible towel?  
A: Myron Cope  

Q: When was the Pittsburgh Penguins founded?  
A: 1967  

Q: Who purchased the Penguins in 1999?  
A: Mario Lemieux; Ronald Burkle  

Q: Which team was the first back-to-back champion in the salary cap era?  
A: Pittsburgh Penguins  

Q: Which division does the Penguins belong to?  
A: Metropolitan  

Q: Which minor league teams are the Penguins affiliated with?  
A: Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins; Wheeling Nailers  

Q: Who was the Penguins' first general manager?  
A: Jack Riley  

Q: When was the Pittsburgh Steelers founded?  
A: 1933  

Q: How many AFC championships have the Steelers won?  
A: 8  

Q: Where is the Steelers headquarters?  
A: UPMC Rooney Sports Complex  

Q: How many Super Bowl wins do the Steelers have?  
A: 6  

Q: When was the Pittsburgh Pirates established?  
A: 1882  

Q: Who is the principal owner of the Pirates?  
A: Bob Nutting  

Q: What is the mascot of the Pirates?  
A: Pirate Parrot  

Q: Which team is known as "The Lumber Company"?  
A: Pittsburgh Pirates  

Q: Which team won the 1960 World Series?  
A: Pittsburgh Pirates  

Q: When did the Pirates join the National League?  
A: 1887  

Q: How many World Series championships have the Pirates won?  
A: 5  

Q: What is the price for attending "Al Stewart and Livingston Taylor"?  
A: Prices from $129.  

Q: What type of event is "Al Stewart and Livingston Taylor"?  
A: A musical concert.  

Q: What time is the Thunder From Down Under event on April 18, 2025?  
A: 7:00 PM  

Q: Where is the Thunder From Down Under event taking place?  
A: Event Center at Rivers Casino Pittsburgh, 15212, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US  

Q: What is the starting price for tickets to the Thunder From Down Under event?  
A: $42  

Q: What time is the Diana Krall event on July 2, 2025?  
A: 7:30 PM  

Q: Where is the Diana Krall event on July 2, 2025?  
A: Heinz Hall, 15222, Pittsburgh, PA, US  

Q: What is the starting price for tickets to the Diana Krall event on July 2, 2025?  
A: Prices from $87  

Q: What is the description of the event on July 2, 2025, at 7:30 PM?  
A: Diana Krall performance  

Q: What time is the New Mexico United at Pittsburgh Riverhounds game on July 4, 2025?  
A: 7:59 PM  

Q: When is Howie Day performing in Pittsburgh?  
A: May 1, 2025, at 7:30 PM.  

Q: Where is Howie Day's performance taking place?  
A: City Winery Pittsburgh, 15222, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US.  

Q: What is the ticket price for Howie Day's performance?  
A: Prices from $56.  

Q: What type of event is Howie Day's performance?  
A: It is a musical concert.  

Q: When is the San Diego Padres at Pittsburgh Pirates game on May 2, 2025?  
A: May 2, 2025, at 1:00 PM and 6:40 PM.  